# Mita.Notifications.Client.Model.DeliveryReport
Delivery Report object

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**MessageId** | **Guid** | Notifications Portal unique identifier. | [optional] 
**BatchId** | **Guid** | Unique reference generated by the Notifications Portal to identify a group of messages posted in bulk.   This is useful when in situations where a group of messages needs to be updated or deleted. | [optional] 
**Contact** | [**Contact**](Contact.md) |  | [optional] 
**Language** | **Language** |  | [optional] 
**Subject** | **string** | Message Subject.  Conditional - Used only for e-mail message types or message types requiring a Subject. | [optional] 
**MessageBody** | **string** | Message Body. | [optional] 
**Attachments** | [**List&lt;AttachmentUri&gt;**](AttachmentUri.md) | Message attachment list.  Optional - Used only for e-mail message types or message types allowing an attachment. | [optional] 
**MessageStatus** | **MessageStatus** |  | [optional] 
**DateCreated** | **DateTimeOffset** | Date/time when the message was created. | [optional] 
**DateUpdated** | **DateTimeOffset?** | Date/time when the message was last updated. | [optional] 
**ClientReference** | **string** | Unique reference generated by the client application. | 
**MessageType** | **MessageType** |  | 
**MessagePriority** | **MessagePriority** |  | 
**SenderId** | **Guid** | Sender identifier. This field is used by the Notifications Portal to specify the sender name for the message. | 
**CallbackUrl** | **string** | If provided, the Notifications Portal will deliver a receipt back to the application   through the HTTP POST method for the provided URL.   If URL is not provided the default API URL will be used. | [optional] 
**ScheduledDeliveryDate** | **DateTimeOffset** | The date and time when the message will be scheduled for delivery.   For instant messaging provide the current date and time. | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

