# Mita.Notifications.Client.Model.InboundMessage
Inbound Message object containing details about a message request in the Notifications System inbound queue.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**InboundMessageId** | **Guid** | Unique reference used to identify a message waiting processing in the inbound queue. | [optional] 
**TransactionId** | **Guid** | Unique reference used to identify a group of batches in the inbound queue. | [optional] 
**BatchId** | **Guid** | Unique reference generated by the Notifications Portal to identify a group of messages posted in bulk.   This is useful when in situations where a group of messages needs to be updated or deleted. | [optional] 
**SenderId** | **Guid** | Sender identifier. This field is used by the Notifications Portal to specify the sender name for the message. | [optional] 
**MessageType** | **MessageType** |  | [optional] 
**MessagePriority** | **MessagePriority** |  | [optional] 
**InboundMessageStatus** | **InboundMessageStatus** |  | [optional] 
**FailedAttempts** | **int** | Number of failed attempts by the Notifications System Backend. | [optional] 
**ProcessingReport** | **string** | This field contains the details of any failed attempts or system errors. | [optional] 
**DateCreated** | **DateTimeOffset** | Date/time when the message was created. | [optional] 
**DateUpdated** | **DateTimeOffset?** | Date/time when the message was last updated. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

